Well, during the speed of resolve, therefore it will boost up our realization, our understanding.
Every conduct that is shaking, realization and achievement will be delayed, even completely mixed
up.
So therefore, conduct is one of great support for our own practices.
Therefore, what is in it said, "Lat or rajoba," at the beginning we listed, "lat or rajoba,"
the conduct that will bring the fruit visions, or it boosts up.
Conduct is like medical growth, if we use examples.
If we like to grow quickly, faster, good conduct, that is what we need, conduct.
Now, this conduct, also, of course, we are talking about this again with teachings,
but generally with our teaching, we talk about the scope of the conduct levels.
Generally with our teaching, respect and appreciation is all the traditions and the country where
you are,
respecting the rule of the laws, not bringing the dharma view and ignoring that.
And we do this, that is called "mistakes," wrong, mixed up with ego-killingies.
Even though we are trying to remove the ego-killing, clearly with ego-killingies,
but we are using the dharma as skip-god and ignoring the common consumption systems.
That is not the practice.
Therefore, Buddhas, for example, all the Vinaya rules, rules based on the tradition and who part
the world is.
Not Buddha didn't board his realization business and everything is equal, you can't do anything.
Buddha made rules specifically, these and that things.
So therefore, what is generally Buddha's teaching, our conduct, we should, for example,
become very unpractical, we should keep, observe and respect all the rules and regulations of the
countries and traditions.
When we come to dharma things, dharma, we should respect and appreciate all the Vinaya's teachings.
Because we told those of us, with very unpractical, very unpractical contains all the teachings.
So we respect and appreciate all the Vinayana teachings, Vinaya rules.
Then we respect and appreciate it with the bodhisattva teachings, Mahayana teachings,
vows of the very bodhisattvas and then vajayanas.
So we should, that is what the great master also, Gurdhva Masambha said in one of his teachings,
said we should perform the activity exactly as Vinaya's teachings.
Follow that system, it will make our thoughtful and intro expression to all our subtle activities
so that we will not mix up our karma or our cause and conduct, mix up that.
We really become more wise, more smart, bring more common sense.
We need more common sense, we are not going to jump in this and that, there are different ways.
Common sense, be on the ground, that's what we are.
Stay on the ground and follow the ground path and look to the sky.
That's what the great master said.
Follow the conduct as Vinayas, Vinayas but keep the woo, woo as vast as species.
Bring the woo in the heart, perform the activity.
Externally you are performing everything so thoughtful, so beautiful, respectful,
respect and advocating and politeness and very gentle and friendly, that's what we do.
But inwardly our realization is deep and strong and all integrated equanimities,
not called the booziness of all the duality, consciousness.
That's what the teaching said.
So this is what really we should do.
Graduation means gradually we are developing.
Graduation we are developing.
At that time what is our head?
First of all, is head and endeavor or the devotion in devils.
When we have the strong faith or the devotion and the joy of effort to maintain our practice in
meditation.
Meditation, that is conduct.
Conduct is keeping the practice, helping the supporters of that.
So we are not just ignored, lost and using different kind of like statement and our rule.
Things that make communist our savages.
That is ego.
This is the mistakes.
Therefore, thoughtfully moving forward.
Bring the realizations.
So this again we talk a little bit about this joy of devotion and joy of effort.
What in the teaching said? What that means again?
To elaborate this teaching, it means keep the Samayas.
Samayas solid as ground, ground, ground.
And then second body said, mature our mind with starting and contemplation.
Learn more, learn more, discovery.
Learning more is discovering our own natures.
Because teaching from the top to the bottom, for example this teaching from the one body one all
the way to the end is teaching about our mind.
Every top, all is about our mind.
How to improve, how to discovery, how to shut up, how to glorify, how to make benefit to myself.
How to make benefit to all the beings.
Therefore, second, the devotion, the pain and endeavor or however it is oscillated.
That is, this is starting in a contemplation where mature and tame the mind.
Mind.
What do you say that? When sign of the good knowledge of the Buddha teaching is gentle and peaceful
.
That is really they say.
Good conduct, gentle and peaceful is a sign of that knowledge they learn from the teaching of the
Buddha absorbed in the heart.
Heart.
And the sign of meditation practice achievement is less emotions, less negative emotions.
Those are proper village usage.
In our village, when I was born, proper usage, those are the signs.
It is true.
True.
This is what it is.
So, remember that.
And then, next one, this, the pain and endeavor, that more division.
What in the teaching said?
Said, true always, always increasing the understanding of the Buddha teachings.
And Buddha gave many different teachings.
From day one, his teaching at 35 and all the way at 81, he gave lot of teachings.
All those teachings are known, summarized as nayana teachings.
Teachings.
And always learn, study and observing them.
And use that to improve our practice and meditate.
Not just intellectually, kind of like that and then leave that.
We are practitioners.
We are practicing lineage.
Lineage, we are enjoying and practicing lineage.
Not going to carry it by only academic levels.
We are going to observe that academic, what to learn to the heart and develop these teachings
as a Buddha teacher, as a Buddha famous somebody.
So, this is the word.
This is the word.
And then, next one is what?
And always trying to improve yourself.
Next one, always improve.
You are going to, we are going to take ourself.
Who is going to take ourself?
Ourself, such as mindfulness, introspection and thought force.
Those are always going to take ourself.
Once on, improve.
Have something that we did mistakes and something not suitable with it to me, to the others or to
myself.
Once on, self to the others, avoid that.
Try not to repeat that again and again.
Again and which is not good.
Apply the common sense to that.
So, these are all known as part of the e, per the e-devils.
And then meditators.
Meditating and practice of meditating.
And our brother during the meditating, so there is also meditation, conduct,
and meditation times conduct.
When you apply the technique in meditation, then what you can do?
Again conduct.
In the Buddha teaching, generally they say there is ten virtuous conduct.
That what you do, it has such a tremendous merit.
That is what in the teaching of the Buddha Chakra Manasit.
All that which is also defeated by the great master of the future of the Buddha,
Maiti, Maiti has repeated that.
And those are such as in the like, what is called the post-meditator
or the period of the meditator.
Your meditation between period.
And those are such as Duhinda, Yogi, Dravas, writing the Buddha's teachings.
Yogi and Dravas.
True.
And making offerings.
One is the Buddha second up the scripture, writing domes or tapings.
Or whatever you do.
It's meditator activities.
It is not just a comment because the Buddha teaching is teaching of love,
teaching of compassion, teaching of non-violence.
Teaching that will explain how to explore our goodness.
To let that shine to every living being.
Make every living being also in that standards.
It's not just one is spirit or other is imperious.
All is in heaven.
The light, the shining stars of the Buddha nature
is hiding in every one's heart and mind.
And trying to revert that.
So writing or the scripting, writing that is the very choice.
Second is offerings.
Such as making offerings to the Shairas, to the temples,
or to whatever you do, offerings.
Those are the second is being meditator.
Again, of course, I won't go all this again to each of those.
Third is offering to the noble ones and generously to the poor ones.
Third is generously.
Making generously.
Giving gift as needed persons.
If you can do according or capabilities.
Those all are meditators.
You're going to teach them.
And then the fourth one is listening to the teachings.
Listen to the teachings.
Teachings.
And that is meditator activities.
That means also reading.
You're reading.
Reading texts.
Feeling teachings.
Each time you read, observe those teachings.
Because it's really teaching of our mind, as I said many times.
Our nature of the mind.
Or our nature or something connected with our body's mind or others.
Others, their body's mind.
And how to bring joy and peace.
That is, read those books.
And then, more also.
And I'm sorry that that is not.
So that is listening.
And the third is.
One.
Piv.
Thank you.
Piv is then listening.
If somebody is reading text.
That is what they're teaching.
Listen.
As we go in the musics, listen the musics.
We go to the rock and roll shots too.
And then we listen too.
But this is a very gentle, rocky rock and roll.
Listen.
Listen that teaching.
And again, not just listen indeed.
And let it go.
Each word, those are really something important.
Let, absorb that in heart and mind.
Let that sit the length.
Let glorify our nature of the mind.
Our qualities.
Our goodness.
Goodness.
And then, the next one is keeping the text.
Keeping the teachings.
And hold on the shrines.
All keeping holding that teaching.
All holding the teaching.
The other day, the teaching can be divided into two.
Teaching is like scriptural teaching.
That which is book poems.
And then, the meaning teaching is the love and kindness and compassion.
All this is the meaning teaching.
And holding it to the heart and mind.
Mind.
Those are all known as holding the teaching of the Buddha.
And then, reflecting on the meaning of the teaching that you learned.
Meaning of the teachings.
And the final one, right, is ten.
The next one.
One.
Seven.
Is it seven?
No.
It's seven.
Again.
And...
Next one is teaching.
Giving teachings.
All your...
You are sharing that to the others.
Your unrestrained thoughts.
Cheating.
And then, the next one is...
You are also repeating those teachings.
As what we call repetitions.
Or memorize and read this.
This as your daily practices.
It comes about.
And then, the final one is meditating.
The meaning of that meditating.
Those ten are, as the great Master Maitre said,
these are the ten activities of the virtues.
Whoever do this, or in one of these,
it has tremendous meritorious.
Say that.
So those who are known as the activities of the meritorious.
Do after your practice sessions.
Or meditation sessions.
Practice sessions.
Then, along with that, other things in the debate,
and also do, such as post-retions.
And circumambulating to the temples.
Or circumambulating to the stupas.
And then, also do the ceremonies.
Such as, generally the ceremonies,
we call them water ceremonies.
That I don't really quite popular here yet.
That water ceremonies.
And then, as well as...
(speaking in foreign language)
Yeah, so those are all known as the meritorious activities.
Meritorious activities, as much as during the period of this.
It's all known as the meritorious activities.